today we look into a game that was
released into the arcades in the year of
1990 form was ported to home console
market in the following year the game I
talk of is primal rage a game that
struck much controversy good and bad
reviews bought around mixed opinions and
also provided for top Easter eggs
including bowling and volleyball welcome
back to the Easter Egg hunter welcome
everyone to the home of finding sweet
chocolate Easter eggs within our video
games well ok perhaps not chocolate ones
but it's as good as having L find the
real thing but just on a different level
as this is the Easter Egg hunter
number one to get this monstrous
terrifying what is it quite unusual and
surprising Easter egg journey on the way
kicks off on the PlayStation 1 and takes
us firstly to the region of the ruins
which was once a bustling hive of
activity within a thriving metropolis
though now is nothing more than the
shell of its former self thanks in part
to a huge meteor that ripped through the
heart in it this land is also the domain
of chaos the god of decay whom is very
handy when it comes to pulling off this
first Easter Egg start of the two-player
game and make sure one of you takes the
world of chaos and battle onwards until
you've reached the stage of the ruins
once there allow each fighter to win one
round then during the third and deciding
battle leave both die nerves to rest and
allow the timer to run down to between
three and two seconds then using chaos
you must quickly perform the fart of
fury move which is activated by holding
triangle and X together and then by
moving from down on the directional pad
to towards up and away in one fluid
motion chaos what unleash a huge green
cloud of gas that will hurtle towards
the other player as long as the fart is
still in the air after the counter hits
zero then the southern death kicks in
instead of typical meteors hitting the
ground behind you you will now be
treated to cows yes
cows falling from the sky and plummeting
into the river which then proceeded to
float away
[Music]
number two the next Easter egg was an
exclusive to the Genesis or Mega Drive
version of primal rage and could only be
accessed by bringing up the extra
options tab and for that you needed to
be resting on the main menu and then
enter the following directional pad
combination left up right right up left
right right left left up after the menu
appears enter upon it then select the
option of okay right then click done
followed by the start button where now
you can select your character which in
this case you must choose Diablo when
the battle begins you'll notice straight
away that rather than having worshippers
follow you around will instead have a
red bouncing devil which is actually
also known as the Fergus devil in
reference to Fergus McGovern British
video game developer and founder of
probe entertainment that was later
acquired by acclaim entertainment Fergus
also turned up in Mortal Kombat 2 but
that's for another installment number
three the third secret can be done on
most versions of the game but it's
easiest to achieve on the Mega Drive
port compared to the rest and as long as
you have that extra options menu in
place you simply have to scroll through
the list again until you see bowling
bowling yes bowling because this is a
fighting game after all
now select done then hit start the game
will now automatically begin and you'll
notice two armored ins and will
immediately walk off to the right-hand
side of the screen together there
Timm worshipers will form a typical
bowling frame after three seconds the
first armored den will start spinning
towards the followers where you can now
control the movements of the Dino ball
by using the directional pad as the
armored and passes through the pins the
overall madam will now have a go which
in turn you could offer up the
controller to a friend and battle it out
to see you can score the highest amount
over just two frames of bowling each
after the game is finished the normal
fighting battle mode will now continue
[Music]
number four well if you thought bowling
was a little mad and yet totally awesome
and amazing at the same time well to
finish off this episode we have a secret
that is simply the icing on the cake
though sadly it cannot be performed on
the 16-bit versions and in fact it is a
little sketchy as to which versions do
honor this Easter Egg but I can safely
say that it sure works on the
PlayStation 1 and the arcade to get you
on your way you must be fighting on
sarin's stage of The Cove and battling
in the two-player mode now it doesn't
matter which characters you use though I
do find it's easier if you use the same
so first off allow a character to
perform a combo high or low it doesn't
really matter how big just as long as
two worshippers walk into the middle of
the battle and kneel down to salute you
once this happens steer one player
towards them then punch them into the
air this will launch the worshipers
towards your opponent where if timed
correctly they can proceed to uppercut
them back in the opposite direction if
you keep both hitting the followers
backwards and forth to one another
eventually to sheer amazement a net and
an umpire will advise from the ground
where for the next 30 seconds your mates
are locked into a full game
volleyball
[Music]
coming soon on the Easter Egg hunter
you